Vasilisa know what you wanted with you
tell about car hire miami like
how our experience was connected with it
in general, first we when we arrived
rented a car
we are lucky this experience i'm going nowhere especially
telling very good rented
by agreement in advance as
then we have not given an apartment in the price list
firm
we rented enough cars there
Roads Arta week smeared this 400
dollars
about
here in general
and tried
from car to cat
lot
there was some kind of car not very
good class and she came out
quite expensive and a half thousand and what
one and a half thousand 1800 went out of summer in
a month or more for all rented
the car
we stayed there
business type
or a lot of yourself
these sites and
Astana fly airplanes and helicopters
constantly therefore only the amount to watch
a lot of site
good enough clip
when we wanted to order to disk
increased than funny joke in that
need to pay for insurance to describe
necessarily
say that only your price
+ insurance they end up
good price giant
exactly the same
a machine
not a jeep
a little not a super big car but
big
show
here are the others
a very long time
watched watched watched selected
freedom of us
and in the end we can show allyam
alr ma lam
firm in general she is right in iraq
it is the cheapest company at prices
all that we just went over in
airport or girlfriend and faith port
completely located
and
Herb let's say such a company
well known but
painter
there was a huge line of people specifically
arrived at 12 o'clock we all paid
completely
have paid
and we did not immediately get money where
We also did not take positions so that
it is important for the car took us to the husband than you
he himself eventually leaves you at 3000
machinist it is enough to destroy
solis and
with insurance the car itself is worth
the cost
exactly
there what secret from here and even more than
the cost of the car is worth the insurance
so to lead than surprised something with
stalker insurance
here came my was a huge turn
she very quickly dispersed then turn for
hour hour hour
we moved away from the stand
hchch asks answer give credit
found a loan
more
it shows cards
The most interesting
come in if the first floor there is parker booty
and in general the county was only a knife which
you want me to be with us
do you want a pool site keys lie there are doors you
sit down choose you look like she
look at those you do not like in general,
watched it all chose the car and only
skills
and only on the road is a person with
punches a barcode on a car and
you can go anywhere you like it very much
convenient firstly it's cheap I have
There are other companies that we are very
moved a lot
with local very
with the son of god we were advised sites and
so, too, looked very much
this topic turned out to be a new car
what you like is not so
all others
a bit cheaper is problematic for me
nothing you principle
absolutely
very quickly made itself went
Noboa machine is not worn not peretortaya
nothing like that
with isar
naturally
large trunk that we need
there were generally many more
all kinds
lotion which in this car is here
so I advise everyone if you if
want to choose a car. inexpensively
go to this firm and
you will not experience any problems
need to pay anything like this
there is often something to pay for
pay extra for it as a result even potap
Internet ordering a car that
never writes you
cars
plus they begin insurance + you
1 more
max and did not know the general is not much to you
all about draws in the end the car turns out
more than she
so here it is our car toyota camry
which we rented
front rooms by the way are not put
see them just not there
the numbers that people walk heavily here
so she and
call it full site
all successful trips choose what
most of all here is what most
I called where bye